Thank you for looking at my star pack for KSS2! I hope you enjoy it. Let's go over all of the objects I have added for KSS2...

Before that though, please note some things. Number one, there many star systems with no planets, as I did not have time to create planets for everything. Currently, there are only 3 objects you can actually land on, all of which don't have atmospheres.
Number two, make sure you have KSS2 of course and it's dependencies, especially including Sigma, as it does a lot of replacement stuff specifically with textures. Also drag the PSPLoadingScreens folder into your GameData folder along with the KSS2 folder here you have to merge with your current KSS2 folder. ALSO IMPORTANT! You MUST have Singularity downloaded for black hole textures.
Number three, I HIGHLY recommend having the Aethera star system installed with this.

With that out of the way, here are all the objects I added.

Miza: The second closest star to Kerbin, as well known in Kerbal culture as Aethera is.
Alkor: The smaller orange dwarf star that orbits Miza, making it the second closest star system and closest binary system.
Yunoo: The first exoplanet discovered around Miza. It is quite far away from the star, therefore it is a frozen wasteland.
Huleg: The moon of Yunoo, as frozen as Yunoo is.

Beteljise: The closest giant star to Kerbin, a red giant.
Gachi: Orbits around Beteljise, similar in quality to Aethera's planet Kretel.

Kcarben: The closest white dwarf. Surprisingly small, too.
Germack: A yellow G-type star orbiting Kcarben.

Belsa: A neutron star only about 12 lightyears away, making it the closest to Kerbin.
Vamolin: The only star orbiting Belsa.

Delphi: The closest supermassive black hole to Kerbin, around 30 lightyears away.
Tselp: Pronounced without the T. A hot brown dwarf orbiting Delphi within it's accretion disk.
Gol: A yellow star orbiting Delphi.
Jem: An orange dwarf star orbiting Gol.
Xeno: A rare Wolf-Rayet star orbiting far from Delphi.

Rijell A: The main star in the Rijell triple system. A blue giant.
Rijell B: A smaller orange main sequence star orbiting Rijell A.
Dolores: A red dwarf orbiting Rijell B.
